RHDEVDOCS-7689: Content creation for GitOps 1.20.5 RN (#114594)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-20-5.adoc

> // Module included in the following assembly:

Reviewer: We need to add a release note item for https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/GITOPS-9568.  

The two Image  Updater entries LGTM

Author: Fixed. Added the issue, so please check @keithchong.

Reviewer: OK to me

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * release_notes/gitops-release-notes-1-20.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-20-5_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.20.5

[role="_abstract"]

> {gitops-title} 1.20.5 is available on {OCP} 4.14, 4.16, 4.17, 4.18, 4.19, 4.20, and 4.21.

Reviewer 2: do we want to continue having this line?

Author: CC: @varshab1210

+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/GITOPS-9938[GITOPS-9938]

Self-hosted Quay registry URL handling fixed in Image Updater::
Before this update, when using a self-hosted Quay container registry, the Image Updater incorrectly used the public Quay registry URL (`quay.io`) rather than the configured URL for the self-hosted registry. With this update, the Image Updater correctly extracts the configured registry URL and uses it when processing webhook events from the source registry. Now, self-hosted Quay registries work correctly with Image Updater.
+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/GITOPS-9971[GITOPS-9971]

GitOps Operator annotation copying behavior fixed::

> Before this update, the {gitops-title} Operator copied all annotations from the Argo CD Custom Resource (CR) onto its generated resources, such as, Roles and RoleBindings. When the Argo CD CR was managed by a central Argo CD instance, copied tracking annotations, such as, `argocd.argoproj.io/tracking-id` and `argocd.argoproj.io/installation-id` caused the central instance to incorrectly claim ownership and marked the sub-resources for pruning. The {gitops-title} Operator now sets its own default annotations on resources it creates and does not copy any annotation from the ArgoCD CR, preventing accidental resource deletion.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Before this update, the {gitops-title} Operator copied all annotations from the Argo CD custom resource (CR) onto operator-managed RBAC resources, such as RoleBindings and ClusterRoles. When the Argo CD CR was managed by a central Argo CD instance, copied tracking annotations such as `argocd.argoproj.io/tracking-id` and `argocd.argoproj.io/installation-id` could cause the central instance to incorrectly claim ownership of those resources and mark them for pruning. The {gitops-title} Operator now applies only its default annotations on resources it creates and no longer copies annotations from the Argo CD CR, preventing this accidental pruning behaviour for newly created resources. If you were already affected, you may need to remove the tracking annotations from existing RoleBindings (or ClusterRoleBindings in cluster-scoped installations) or delete them so the operator can recreate them after upgrading.
```

Author: Fixed, PTAL @aali309

+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/GITOPS-9568[GITOPS-9568]

Application controller race condition during bootstrap fixed::
Before this update, a race condition in the application controller caused application syncs to fail with an `InvalidSpecError` during bootstrap. This occurred because the application informer's NamespaceIndex indexer validated an application's project before the project informer cache was fully synced. With this update, the application informer's NamespaceIndex indexer waits for the project informer cache to fully sync before validating an application's project. Now, application syncs complete successfully without race condition errors during bootstrap.

> +

Author: @ranakan19 @aali309 Can you please take a look at this text and approve the changes?

GitOps Operator annotation copying behavior fixed::
Before this update, the {gitops-title} Operator copied all annotations from the Argo CD custom resource (CR) onto operator-managed RBAC resources, such as RoleBindings, ClusterRoles, and ClusterRoleBindings. When the Argo CD CR was managed by a central Argo CD instance, copied tracking annotations such as `argocd.argoproj.io/tracking-id` and `argocd.argoproj.io/installation-id` could cause the central instance to incorrectly claim ownership of those resources and mark them for pruning.
+
With this update, the {gitops-title} Operator applies only its default annotations to the resources it creates and no longer copies annotations from the Argo CD CR. As a result, this change prevents accidental pruning of newly created operator-managed RBAC resources.
+
For existing RoleBindings and ClusterRoleBindings that already contain these tracking annotations, the annotations must be removed, or the resources must be deleted so that the Operator can recreate them after the upgrade.
+
link:https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/GITOPS-9568[GITOPS-9568]

Application controller race condition during bootstrap fixed::

> Before this update, a race condition in the application controller caused application syncs to fail with an `InvalidSpecError` during bootstrap. This occurred because the application informer's NamespaceIndex indexer validated an application's project before the project informer cache was fully synced. With this update, the application informer's NamespaceIndex indexer waits for the project informer cache to fully sync before validating an application's project. As a result, application syncs complete successfully without race condition errors during bootstrap.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before this update, a race condition in the application controller caused application syncs to fail with an `InvalidSpecError` during bootstrap. This occurred because the application informer's NamespaceIndex indexer validated an application's project before the project informer cache was fully synced. 

With this update, the application informer's NamespaceIndex indexer waits for the project informer cache to fully sync before validating project. As a result, application syncs complete successfully without race condition errors during bootstrap.
```

Author: Fixed.
